be fill it lean meat with little fine
sinews of fat running through it just
melts in your mouth like butter seasoned
hot pan olive oil seal
mustard
think about it Finnick beef wellington
english master you never put Dijon then
right
mushrooms
season blitz
now go take the water at the mushrooms
look how wet they are you don't put oil
or butter into the pan and put nothing
in there look how much water's coming
out now assemble
clean film Parma ham
mushrooms
beef center and roll
twist it nice and tight chill 20 minutes
puff pastry
thief unwrapped on to the pastry egg
wash
very skimping egg wash now because we
really needed to stick
type that in chill five minutes
Blais
skull
rock salt
baked
the most important thing about further
be wanting to do not slice it thinly
okay turn it round and slice it about an
inch thick
beef wellington
done